OSDOCS-7604: Updated link to Nutanix docs (#67804)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/registry-configuring-storage-nutanix.adoc

After you install the cluster, you must install the Nutanix CSI Operator and configure the default storage container for the cluster.

> For more information, see the Nutanix documentation for link:https://opendocs.nutanix.com/openshift/operators/csi/[installing the CSI Operator] and link:https://opendocs.nutanix.com/openshift/post-install/[configuring registry storage].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See link:https://opendocs.nutanix.com/openshift/operators/csi/[Nutanix CSI Operator, Installing the Operator] and link:https://opendocs.nutanix.com/openshift/post-install/[OpenShift Image registry configuration] for details.
```
Changed to be more literal. It took me a second to figure out where I should go. Easier with the exact linked titles.

Author: Pretty sure our guidance requires us to use, "For more information". Going to leave as is.
